leader
During this time, I worked hard with everyone
Prepare for the competition
I don't understand why you fired me for no reason.
Didn't you say that everything depends on strength?
By strength
I think I'm good enough to participate in this competition
Strength If plagiarism is your strength
Then you are indeed a well-deserved number one.
What do you mean?
My designs are all my originals
Original, you are too embarrassed to say it.
Exactly the same design as Gu Nuannuan
This is what you call originality
How is this possible?
This Gu Qingqing
Won't really wake up the eldest sister
Yeah, hard to say.
You say a person who didn't graduate from college
How could you possibly be qualified to silence your phone here?
Yeah.
No degree
No ability
Just this ability
I don't know where I am.
Gu Qingqing, you really blew my eyes
I thought you were just a little vain
At least not bad
I didn't expect you to openly prostitute and steal my manuscript
This is in the design world
But to be condemned to the pillar of shame
Yes, I didn't plagiarize this Gu Qingqing.
Sister Nuannuan graduated from a famous school
As soon as I graduated, I came to Yan Shi to rely on my strength to be subjective
Is he a jerk or a high school
How dare you come here to reverse black and white and slander Sister Nuannuan
Humph plagiarism dog